docs: Better documentation for unhandled rejections warnings (#1099)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/platforms/node/default-integrations.md

This integration attaches global unhandled rejection handlers.

{% capture __alert_content -%}

> This integration supresses default Node's warning about unhandled promise rejection. If you want to restore this behaviour, use `--unhandled-rejections=warn` flag to run your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration suppresses the default Node warning about unhandled promise rejection. If you want to restore this behavior, use the `--unhandled-rejections=warn` flag to run your code.
```
